Hey, excuse me two, uh
Xiaoxian, what if you give it to your sister-in-law?
I hope my sister-in-law can't promise anything
But sister-in-law can guarantee
In the future, all your economic sister-in-law will be fully inclusive.
Sister-in-law, why are you joining in the fun?
Now the atmosphere is booming here
Why don't we talk about it tomorrow?
No, now.
Yuexian, you have to think about it
After you follow me, not only will you get a salary
It can also teach you a happy life
Really?
You play this Ye Xie
Don't listen to him
This happiness can not only bring me
I can also give it to you, uh, elementary school
Ah, oh, no.
I have a stomachache.
I'm going to fill in a hole first
I'll talk about it tomorrow if I have something to do.
Lots of rooms inside
200 people come with me and wait
All at night
We'll see. Huh?
I'll go.